[Cases] Add the ability to filter cases by date in the find and status endpoints (#128652)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/cases/cases-api-find-cases.asciidoc

`tags`::
(Optional, string or array of strings) Filters the returned cases by tags.

`to`::

> (Optional, string) **experimental** A KQL date to limit the retrieved cases to before a specific date. It supports date math expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional, string) Returns only cases that were created before a specific date. The date must be specified as a <<kuery-query,KQL>> data range or date match expression.  preview:[]
```
